[Music]
hey what's up guys
today i'll show you a fantasy action
film the last witch hunter
spoiler ahead watch out and take care
800 years ago in the middle ages
the whole europe was conquered with fear
by a powerful witch queen
who unleashed the black plague a deadly
disease that swept over the human race
and claimed numerous human lives a group
of knights led by calder
launched a fierce battle against the
witch queen they fought their way to the
queen's lair
and trapped her with a big fire before
piercing her body with a sword
as a result the queen was defeated and
the horrible plague spell ended
calder however lost his family during
the battle
was cursed with immortality by the dark
witch queen which was believed the most
brutal way to revenge calder
causing him to suffer long-lasting pain
and loneliness
from the loss of his loved ones after
the death of the witch queen
the weekend which race had to cease fire
with humans and submit it to the rule of
the witch hunters
the axon cross organization has been run
for the last eight hundred years
keep the truce between humans and
witches and punish those dark witches
who broke the law in the present day
calder continues working as a witch
hunter for the axon cross
he's aided by a priest called dolan a
tradition passed down from the first
priest
who fought to destroy the witch queen
hundreds of years ago
the 36th dolan declares his retirement
from his duties
due to his old ages calder sends him a
special gift as a memory for his
contributions
bill dolan gets back home and hands over
the duties to his new successor
the 37th dolan the next day however
calder receives bad news that the old
dolan has just died in his sleep that
night
shocked by his death calder tries to
find out the truth
during the investigating in the old
dolan's house calder finds traces of the
old dark magic
and some mysterious plant which is
believed to be used for the witchcraft
causing him to deduce that the old man
was murdered by a powerful witch
moments later calder traces the plant to
a bakery shop
run by a blind witch who under calder's
challenge
has to tell him some clues on the buyer
calder then follows the clues and
locates the buyer soon
there he's punctured by a dark witch in
disguise of a little girl
but fortunately he manages to overpower
the witch
and finds the gift he sent to the old
dolan he then takes him back
to the witch council for judgment the
witch is found using the forbidden
transfiguration spell
as a result he's taken into the witch
prison for punishment
later calder goes back to check the old
dolan's body and finds the old man
is actually not dead yet but just put
under a dark magic spell
that could only be broken by killing the
witch who cast that spell
he has to break the spell as soon as
possible otherwise
the old dolan will die in two days
meanwhile following some clues that the
old dolan left on his finger
halter learns that he has to recall the
past memories
calder later visits a witch bar to buy a
memory spell from the witch girl chloe
that will enable him to remember how
they killed the witch queen previously
chloe finally agrees to give him the
service and then performs the spell by
use of a cherry
calder is suddenly brought back to the
battle when he's fighting hard to
terminate the witch queen
and the witch queen is dying in front of
him during his memory reliving however
he's taken back forcibly to the real
world by a mustache witch
who turns out to be the faithful
follower of the witch queen
and exactly the one casting a spell on
the old dolan
the guy comes to prevent calder from
reliving his memory
and sets a big fire on the utensils
attempting to destroy
all the substance from memory reliving
calder recovers totally from his memory
spell the mustache which takes the
chance to flee away
later that night chloe gets attacked by
the dark magic in her apartment
who attempts to stop her from performing
the memory spell for calder
fortunately calder shows up in time and
saves her
the following day with all the substance
for the memory spell destroyed
chloe has to resort to her lady bro for
the alternative substance
however while arriving at the lady bros
home they're astonished to find she's
been killed by the mustache witch
and the substance has been gone without
any choice
they come to a dark witch for help who
however has accepted the mustache
witch's deal to stop calder
she then casts a spell on calder
attempting to trap him in his dream
permanently
fortunately as a dream walker chloe
sneaks inside his dream
and manages to pull him out after
setting free calder fights to overpower
the dark witch
while chloe breaks her own youth spell
causing her to reveal her true
old face later calter realizes that
chloe's ability may remind him of the
past memory
calder then takes chloe to the witch
council where chloe is persuaded to
bring calder back to the past
in the dream holder discovers that after
the queen's body was burned to ash
the first stolen chose to spare her
heart after finding that her heart could
be used to manipulate calder's life
and take control of him for his service
to the axe and cross
knowing the truth hawker confronts the
young dolan in anger
he finds that the old dolan plan to
destroy the heart so as to set calder
free
but failed to finish the plan on the
other hand
the mustache which gets the queen's
heart and kidnaps the blind witch
with the magic power in play he
successfully summons the queen to the
blind witch's body
calder figures out the dark which is
evil plan later and rushes there
trying to stop the reviving process but
it's too late
the mustache which ambushes called her
but gets killed immediately
the revived queen takes calder suddenly
and pierces through his body
absorbing the magic power from him which
however
was left intentionally inside his body
before her death hundreds of years ago
the queen that overwhelms the injured
calder before vanishing
due to the death of the mustache witch
the old dolan revives soon from the
broken spell
he then tells calder the queen's evil
plan is to regain control of the world
with the black plague spell
which is supposed to be cast by the
joint magic powers of all witches
who have been imprisoned in the witch
prison he encourages calder to stop the
witch queen
and save humanity shortly after that
together with chloe and the young dolan
halder reaches the witch prison
which has been turned into the dark rich
lair
they find all the dark witches have been
trapped as a coven for the spell cast
later they drag a prisoner which out of
the entrapment
while chloe by use of her dream walking
ability enters his dream to kill him
hoping to stop the queen's spell casting
in that way
caller fights his way to the queen
directly but later falls into an
illusional world created by the queen
where he becomes weak and can't take any
edge due to the loss of the queen's
magic power
while calder is beaten badly by the
queen chloe manages to kill the prisoner
which
causing the queen to lose her connection
with the prisoner witches
and the spell casting to collapse while
caller summons the sacred fire to his
sword
and is about to end the queen's life the
young dolan takes chloe hostage
and forces calder to free the queen it's
revealed that the young dolan is the son
of a dark wish
killed by calder when he was five years
old adopted by the witch council though
he's always eager to learn some dark
magic power from the queen
however treating him as useless the
queen terminates him instantly
she then takes chloe to replace the dead
prisoner witch
trying to complete her spell as the
black plague is unleashed
and about to take over the world calder
summons lightning to the sword
and throws it into the queen causing her
to be burned to ash
with the plague dissipating away in the
end
calder wishes to kill both the queen's
heart and himself
while chloe stops him saying that the
world needs him to combat the dark
powers
that might be even worse than the witch
queen
calder takes her words and leaves the
axon cross while forming his own team
with the old dolan
to protect humanity this is daniel cc
movie channel
bye